README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Project Name

> Description the project.


## Built With

- Major languages
- Frameworks
- Technologies used

## Live Demo (if available)

[Live Demo Link](https://livedemo.com)


## Getting Started

**This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.**
**Modify this file to match your project, remove sections that don't apply. For example: delete the testing section if the currect project doesn't require testing.**


To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

### Setup

### Install

### Usage

### Run tests

### Deployment



## Authors

👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/githubhandle)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)

👤 **Author2**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/githubhandle)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish._

Commit message:

Install linters and fix linter errors

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Awesome Books

> In this project, I restructured my Awesome books app code with the goal to make it more organized by using javaScript modules. 


## Built With

- Html
- Css
- Javascript Modules
- Luxon

## Live Demo

[Live Demo Link of Awesome Books](https://nahnahaj.github.io/Awesome-Books/)


## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

- Have a Desktop or Laptop Computer running on with Windows, Mac OS or Linux operating system.
- Have git installed on the Computer
- Have a browser install on the Computer

### Setup

- If it suits you, on your local computer, create a directory in your preferred location (e.g in the Desktop or Document directory)

### Install

- Open your Terminal/Powershell or any command line interface you use, then navigate to your created above directory or the directory you'll like to clone this project directory.
- Type `git clone https://github.com/NahnahAJ/Awesome-Books.git` if your're using https with git or `git clonegit@github.com:NahnahAJ/Awesome-Books.git` if your preferred is ssh and hit enter.
- Navigate to the `construction-page` directory on your local computer in your above chosen directory and open the `index.html` file.

### Usage

- You can view the HTML document in your preferred or default browser.



## Author

👤 **Nahnah Ahjuwah**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/NahnahAJ)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://https://twitter.com/NahnahAhjuwah)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/felicia-awuah-0674a7152/)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Luxon Library
- Microverse

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.
